Interview Questions 

Data Types: 

  In Python 3, the maximum value for an integer is 263 - 1: 

    Answer: False 

  How would you express the constant floating-point value 3.2 × 10-12 in Python: 

    3.2e-12 

  Which of the following are valid ways to specify the string literal foo'bar in Python: 

  """foo'bar""" 

  Write an expression for a string literal consisting of the following ASCII characters: 

  "\t\n\x7E" 

  Empty list in python is made by ? 

    Answer: List1 = [] 

Operators: 

  In the Python statement x = a + 5 – b: 

  operands, an expression 

  Which is the correct operator for power(xy)? 

    X**y 

  What is the value of the expression 100 / 25? 

    4.0 

  What is floor division? 

  // 

Conditional statements: 

  What is the syntax for if: 

  Answer: if condition: statement 

  Name the keyword which helps in writing code involves condition. 

  Answer: If 

  Is there any limit of statement that can appear under an if block. 

  Answer:  No 

  Write a program to check whether a number entered by user is even or odd. 

  Answer: num=int(input("Enter your age"))  

  if num%2==0: print("Number is Even")  

  else: print("Number is Odd") 

Looping Statements: 

  A while loop in Python is used for what type of iteration? 

    Answer: indefinite 

  When does the else statement written after loop executes? 

  Answer: When loop condition becomes false 

  What will be the output of the following Python code? 

  for i in range(0,2,-1): 

     print("Hello") 

  Answer: No output 

  Which of the following sequences would be generated by the given line of code? 

  range (5, 0, -2) 

  Answer: 5 3 1 

Functions: 

  Which keyword is use for function? 

    Answer: Def 

  Which of the following items are present in the function header? 

    Answer: Function name and return value 

  What is called when a function is defined inside a class? 

    Answer: Method 

  If return statement is not used inside the function, the function will return: 

    Answer: None 
